Something with all of you.
You can close the sound now.
Hi, good morning.
Am I audible to all of you?
Good morning. OK. Can you hear my slide?
Fine. So let's begin.
I am Mohammed Salman.
I'm going to give my introduction first,
then I I will give you the time,
all of you guys,
that you can introduce yourself, right?
So let's begin.
So hi, I'm Mohammed Salwan.
I have almost 20 years of experience in
this industry.
I have started my career in 2006.
My highest qualification is MCA Master of
Computer Application.
I'm a Microsoft Certified Trainer.
It is known as MCG.
I'm a Microsoft Certified Solution
Developer as well and during these 20
years I have conducted the training in
various organization in India like IBM,
Emphasis, Newhole and.
Panamor and many more overseas I have
done for Dubai, Sharjah, Oman,
Philippines, US, UK and the in Malaysia.
This is the second one.
No.
So in this particular training we are
going to discuss about the Python and
then we will discuss about the AIML.
So we will start from the Python first.
What is Python? How to install,
how to start writing the codes and later
on we will go then the machine learning,
AIML, all these advanced concept as well.
So we'll start from scratch.
If you have the idea about the
programming language, that's good.
If you don't have even so you can
understand each and everything,
we will start from the zero from the
scratch.
And we will go up to the advanced level,
right. So this is about me.
So now I'm going you the chance one by
one.
You guys can introduce yourself as well,
right?
Then we will start the technical stuff.
Right. So we'll start from you. Uh, yes.
My name is no Arila.
You can call me Arila.
So briefly I work in India as an
automation IT.
So just trying to learn something new.
Like,
what do you know in computer science,
Lila? Sorry,
what do you know till now in computers
coding? Yes, yeah,
I have a basic coding that I linked in
the university.
During my work I didn't do a bunch of
coding, but I we do read the coding.
We need to automate the issue,
automate the issue.
Bye.
Who's next? You. Yes. Hello. Good morning,
everyone. My name is.
You can call me in shot. Well,
previously I was working as a executive
secretary,
so since I already had my contract,
so I get it.
Get it trans to be in this class this AI
already uh.
Because it's under a scholarship.
So I just want to grab that opportunity.
The reason why that I'm coming to the
class is because I am thinking of
privating my career. I I just,
I feel that right now the job demand for
me covered that that this is really,
really.
Tremendous.
So that's the reason why I come and join
and I just want to learn from this seat.
So in terms of computer,
I might say that I'm very good in
Microsoft only because that is what my
job requires and everything.
So if you're asking me for something,
I am.
Very, very zero knowledge.
So I'm happy to learn from the scratch
and hopefully that our,
I mean our kids can succeed to to to
learn this program until the end.
You're fine. Thanks. OK.
My name is Kamal Hadani. Thanks for me,
Kamal. I'm the oldest here. Thanks for me,
Papa. I have about 45 years experience.
I'm.
My background's chemical engineer.
In oil and gas I exposed to coding and
programming.
I was earlier coding for advanced control
system for plant refinery,
but there's still.
Maybe 25 years ago.
So now I'm in consultancy.
So I'm I'm intend to use AI and coding to
further enhance my consultancy works.
Yep.
Hi, my name is. You guys can call me.
I just I am from UUN.
My course degree is IT majoring in
network.
So I just finished my sheet last month.
So I'm here today because I want to.
Hello, my name is. You can call me Cosy.
My background is on the stick and right
now I want to explore.
Um,
for the I think I want to be tell me that
that this Monday, but that's what we.
Hi, my name is Shantanu.
I was my meeting to here.
Now I'll try to speak to my career.
I hope to get a job. Hi, my name is Asmal.
I'm the corporate.
So I think I have to learn on AI for the
sake of testing me towards making a good
decision.
It's not actually previous now was the my
my is marine science and technology and I
was a Geo data analyst and finally I'm
adding AI and ML to my.
For you and then I hope uh for the next I
can by this.
So this one also you need to read out
somewhere this introduction as well.
OK,
what's your computer science knowledge?
What do you know in computer science?
So much.
Right. Yes, ma'am. Hi,
my name is Marissa Rena. I'm from Miri.
I have a background in business and
banking.
So previously I'm working as project
management at B&B.
Reason why I'm here because I want to
venture into data analyst or data
management. OK, thanks. Hi,
my name is Mohammad.
And I would ask, uh,
to set the first specialization
JavaScript.
So the reason I'm learning is OK because
I I'm going to need to do AI and how I
can apply the AI on with the system.
Fine. Hello. What's your name? Akumar.
Akumar. OK,
so you know the database management. Yes.
OK, which one? SQL server? OK.
Fine, this one.
It's very.
OK,
So what do you know in computer science?
OK.
And and what's your name?
What should we call Shavita? Shavita?
Sure. OK. Yes, Sir. Hey, may I? No,
no problem. Just OK and I.
I meant, uh, they can't be.
Sure. OK. So guys, who is online,
all of you,
have you heard their introduction?
Yes, but as he faces.
OK, OK, uh, no problem. See uh.
Ali,
so you guys also can introduce yourself.
Just give the 3030 seconds to all of you.
So your fellow colleague who is sitting
over here, they can also get.
To know you right.
So just 3030 seconds of each of everyone
and then we will I will share the screen
and we will start the Python stuff right.
So so first one is Abdullah Muhammad Ali
then Ahmed.
Uh, after that Alia, then Amir.
So this way we can start fine.
Good morning. My name is Abdullah Mamali.
Currently I'm in Pahang, Padang Pahang.
So.
Just want to join this meeting,
this course.
For upscale. Thank you.
Yes, sir.
Fine. Thanks. Uh, Abdullah.
Next Ahmed.
Yes, Michael, my name is Amak Kayyem Bin.
You can call me Kayem.
So previously I'm from banking department,
so I enter in the class to learning about
AI and initial learning for my for up
skill.
Thank you.
Fine. Thanks, Aman. Uh, next.
Alia.
Hello, good morning. My name is Aria.
I recently completed my degree in science
administration,
so I'm really excited to be here to learn
more about a I and how it's shaping the
future and how I can apply it in real
work stations. Thank you.
What's about Python earlier?
You have the idea about Python?
Basically,
I have no basic about the AI or computer
science.
OK. Thanks.
I'm in a bus.
Next.
Quickly, Amit, are you there?
Amira.
Hello.
Hello asalamualikum My name is Amira and
I'm my background is fresh graduate from
So.
Islamic studies and I have no background
about computer science and I joined this
program.
For upskill and gain experience in AI and
machine learning. Thank you.
Thanks.
Next Arif.
Hi, good morning.
My name is Arif and I come from Kedah,
previously working as a local IT support
for hardware and also a technical support.
This one.
So.
This month.
Is there?
I'm I I do you. You are as well. OK, fine.
Uh, no face.
You are here, you just let me know, right?
So next is uh.
Yes, OK.
Hi. Hi, I'm here. My name is.
Is there right?
Faten, I'm from the East Malaysia.
My previous working experience was as a
software engineer,
so I have a basic knowledge invited.
Fine, thanks. Uh, fit those.
Thank you.
This is the first day we are going to
just get to know each other this idea and
then after that we will do the technical
stuff only. So Firdos, Firdos, sorry,
are you there?
Is it here for those? No.
Uh, head.
I if I call.
Still.
My name is Haydar.
My background is Islamic banking and
finance.
I'm here to learn a new thing about AI
and ML. Looking forward for it. Thank you.
What's about Uh?
Quite then.
No,
I I'm new in Python and computer science.
I have no background. Yeah, thank you.
OK.
He's on.
The next Izam.
Yeah, no, right.
Assalamualaikum. Assalamualaikum. OK,
my name is Izam. I have a degree in.
Slow.
Yeah.
IT but about 10 years ago.
But now I'm no longer working in IT.
Now I'm working in tourism.
So I have a core concept of programming,
but not Python.
Thank you.
Fine, thanks. It is me, Hasnan.
Is me as men are them?
Hello.
We are not able to hear you anyway. Kamal.
Yeah, I need. OK, thanks.
Misha, yeah, don't read me. OK, yeah,
don't read me.
Meet.
Hello. Hello. Hi, my name is Mira.
So I live in Qatar right now.
Hello.
I have basic programming but under
language but not Python.
OK.
So I want to explore this on demand cause
since I believe AI will take over the
world in the future.
So I want to take this opportunity to
learn about AI and L. Thank you.
Great. Thanks. Uh, Mohammed Hadi.
Hello, good morning. I'm Mohammadi.
I work in HTC as a business manager and
I'm just here to learn more about AII
have basic computer knowledge and no
computer science knowledge.
OK.
Uh, fine. Got it. Mohammed Akumar. Uh,
I'm done. OK, thanks.
Kumar. OK, I thought that Kumar.
So Kumar is there. It's fine. Thanks. Uh.
Nori is a right.
Noorijam, MD Yunus.
No.
Salam alaikum.
My name is Noriza from Puchong.
OK.
Yes, Sir.
I'm not working at the moment.
I'm excited to learn meeting.
Mhm.
I have no background on IT. Thank you.
Yeah.
No.
Noor Adila, are there? No good.
Next.
Noorida.
Nurul Haridad.
Hello.
Noodle facia.
Hi, hello.
I was attached previously in marketing
Thanks Sir.
and corporate comp.
I am totally new to this programming of
Python.
Since AI is we have to embrace AI in life,
I would like to add on this knowledge and
on this value to my personal knowledge.
Thank you.
So you have idea about Python, right?
I heard it's about Cody,
something like that.
I'm not too sure about it.
That is why I'm here.
OK.
Mhm.
Right, right.
OK. Thank you.
Thanks.
No, Sabrina is here, right?
Uh.
Yeah. Hi.
Assalamualaikum and good morning everyone.
Salam.
So my name is Shahrazan.
You call you can call me Ezan and I uh
from background uh mass communication.
And also beginner in AI. Thank you.
Thanks.
Terifa.
I'm. I am based in.
I was working as an engineer and I've
learned about programming, but.
But it was like long time ago and in my
work,
in my working experience I do I I I do
not use programming at all,
so I don't know Python at all.
Fine. Uh, Nexus.
And this date is staying.
Fine. Uh, sorry guys, it was disconnected,
so we will continue so.
Fine few more is remaining.
Just quickly we will finish this
introduction thing.
There's a lot of work.
I guess so.
So fun.
Hello.
We are not able to hear you.
This is says line of right?
You see the names.
No.
OK.
Hello.
Next is uh.
We were not.
Hello.
Hello, good morning. I'm Viviana.
I'm from Sarawak.
Yes, good morning.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah,
so I have a degree in admin science and
fun fact, I'm also I'm alumni of Nextbird.
Previously a few years back I've learned.
I get into the program for data science
uh with Python.
Mm-hmm.
So I'm interested to know more about AI,
so that's why I joined in this bootcamp.
Got it.
We have idea about Pythons and all, right?
OK.
Yeah.
So few days we will start from scratch
because you see the the lot of persons
are from the non IT background or they
don't have the idea about the Pythons and
all.
But later on in advanced stuff you can
also.
Once, uh, upgrade your knowledge, right?
Meanwhile,
we will go for the basic stuff in the
starting one, right? Thanks. Uh.
Next is Waffa.
Hi,
I'm I just finished high school and I
have no knowledge about AI and machine
learning yet.
I had to receive good guidance and
support from all of you to help me
improve my skill. Thank you.
Thanks a lot. Uh, Zahira.
Yes.
Hi, my name is Zaira.
You previously worked as an English
programmer.
I'm planning to switch my career,
so that's why the reason I joined this
course.
Perfect.
Mm.
So says don't have the mic and for those
we have some sort of medical issue that
is fine. Anyone else who is pending?
Done. OK, fine guys. So let's start.
I'm going to share my screen.
The agenda they already shared with you,
right?
What we are going to do the TOC you will
have right?
So here is we have to install the Python.
So to install the Python you will go here.
All of you you will search for Python.
Click this one. Welcome to Python org.
Right and you click on this download and
here is you will choose your operating
system based on that one you can do
looking for Python with a different OS.
You can click here Linux, Mac OS Android.
If you are using window you just download
directly from here.
OK for those who are using the Mac OS you
will click here Mac OS and it will open
in Mac OS.
You can download from here fine.
So for Mac one I'm telling open link in
new tab. This one is for Mac one.
So who is using the Mac?
They can download from here.
Otherwise you can download this one.
Got it.
You click on download.
From here the download is started,
but it has so many releases which won't
work. You are using Mac right? No,
you are using Windows so you download
this one 3.1 point.
37.
The first one,
this one either button here at the top.
You and on the.
Done.
Once you'll do this,
you will go to the location where you
have downloaded.
And you can install from there done.
Thank you.
Download complete.
We will open this one and it will start
from here.
So install now right install option will
come out,
you click next and you'll check all the
checkboxes there.
OK.
Check the boxes. Uh,
all the checkboxes you check file and
everything. All the check boxes right?
I'll click next.
Here is our Python environment variables
recompiled.
These things you can not add.
Stop.
Have to be 125. No,
you click install because I already have.
That's why it was OK.
OK, have a check box to send it.
Did you say that right? Yes.
For mock Mac,
you have to download another one.
You have downloaded the Mac one, right?
For you, this one is here for Mac.
This one you can download.
We'll go from here. This is for Mac.
This is Mac OS.
You can download and install.
Done.
Completed this installation.
All of you please. Yeah,
you will check from here.
We'll go here command prompt.
You can search. If it is not there,
you can search from here CMD.
Open this command prompt.
OK.
Then open command prompt and relate here
Python.
When called hyphen hyphen version.
Navigation just from here you will write
CMD OK and you open this one.
So this this will open.
I see here here you write Python and then.
Hyphen. Hyphen.
You go to C program part,
just you open command prompt it to
automatically look anywhere.
It's not necessary.
Yeah see just just you will go here CMD.
OK.
Here you'll date Python.
It's like.
Wait on me.
I.
It's not.
Was I able to open command prompt right?
What? Thank you.
Seems like.
Python name.
Spell, yeah.
What's going to do? Not an explanation.
Check all the check boxes when you
install, right? OK, install. OK, sure.
So we're giving you.
I'm writing here for all of you.
This is Python.
And hyphen hyphen version.
If it is giving you the Python version,
that means you have installed it
correctly.
If it is not giving you the version,
that means you have some issue.
We'll check fine.
Is it's working? Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah,
I think everybody not recognized.
So we'll check one by one.
Is it giving you the version or not
recognized? I think it should be only.
Let me check one by one.
I get the which one you use.
This is for you. What's the box number?
I can I can. I can. I can. I can.
I can I can show you your name. Don't see.
It's my name.
So whatever it is, you need.
It's not working like well, yeah,
but just now I just call it.
So I think it has.
You did not say anything.
You'll you'll you'll have your own back.
You'll finish it all down, but you didn't.
We're glad this one came back.
Let me check everything, right? Oh,
just like it didn't pop. See,
it's covered. Fine. What about you?
Is this working? Yeah, I think so.
Just click one modify.
Appreciate it.
You have to check everything.
The call.
It's just one. It's still working.
It's not really. I think everyone is OK.
I'm sorry. I'll go back.
What's supposed to make?
Why do you feel that? OK,
you'll drive the phone. Yeah, uh,
but you know what's mine, but mine to see.
Well, that's fine. What's about this? Uh,
my wishes.
I've been trying to remember your name.
So that's why they said to see check this
one.
That's why this is and check on.
So you already installed it,
so that's not.
OK.
OK, if it is already, then you need to.
And now everyone is on the same page.
I'll just let me check.
What's your name? Uh,
team set up create one or more issues can
find.
OK.
That's mine.
So.
So the everyone is on the same page,
right? Done.
This is uh your username and the uh this
one C user and your name.
Uh the online persons.
Everyone is on the same page. No issue.
Sir, excuse me Sir,
is it possible to download it as iPad?
Yes.
Because I don't have a laptop,
I just have iPad so can download.
Youth.
You don't have laptop.
Yeah, I have iPad on me.
So is it possible to download it at iPad?
I don't get means you are not uh using
laptop, you are uh using the mobile only,
right?
Oh, I mean, I bet.
Hi, iPad. OK, so.
Perfect.
Fine for iPad all you can also download
and install.
I don't know means what the memory and
all on your iPad.
For iPad you will go here.
Let me just show you.
We'll go to the this one.
So you have to install the Mac,
not this one.
You will click here Mac OS right and the
on Mac OS you can download this one
OK.
Python 3.1 and install right?
So that one will not work on uh iPad.
You have to download this and use.
Got it.
Okay, okay, thank you, sir.
Welcome.
Hey Sir,
can you check if I got it correct?
Yes.
Can I share my screen?
Yeah, please.
Mhm.
Can you switch me?
Let me stop sharing. Please share is good.
Uh, share it again.
No, we are not able to see your screen.
Uh, same thing.
Yeah.
Mhm.
It surely I need to go to screen and
privacy screen screen recording and to
We.
Do you you just?
give me start sharing.
Here is the share option.
You click share fine and then you you
I I I.
will click on the entire screen and you
can share.
See we we are not able to see your screen.
No one right?
Yes.
Uh, sorry, I try later.
OK, So what do you you see on your screen?
You have read this, this, this,
OK.
this one you have read the Python and
it's able to show you the version, right?
Yes, I know I already installed Python,
but when I I write a comment in my
Yes.
terminal, the version is not show.
Version is different, right?
Your version is. Your version is 3.8.
Sorry.
No, no, no, the uh,
it showed the command not found.
Command not found. OK, OK,
So what do you have to do?
Yeah.
If it is showing you that thing,
you will go here this installation again.
K.
And you click on modify and then you will
check all the boxes right all the boxes,
then click next and then check all the
boxes and install.
Then after that you will run this command.
You got it, Meera?
OK, I try and I will add a little.
Sure.
And it's saying it's set up field.
No, it's fine. It's fine. Alright guys,
so this one is first thing we need.
Right, so you can.
We need one editor where we will write
the code and we will compile.
So for that we are going to install VS
code. Which one?
VS code one more and then we'll start
coding.
You will have you have VS code or no one.
If you already have this is the VS code.
Let me show you.
Otherwise you can download.
This is Visual Studio code.
We'll check you have this one Visual
Studio code.
This one you have Visual Studio code VS
code.
This one Visual Studio code you guys have
no fine. So if you don't have,
you will go here.
Just one more thing and we will start.
After that we will start code so you will
search for.
Visual Studio Code.
You will write in Google Visual Studio
code. You will find out this one.
OK.
Visual Studio Code and you will click
here.
Click here download download for Windows
if you are using the Mac so you will
search for for Mac OK.
Mr. Mr. Salman,
is this visual code for the Mac
participant or is it for all?
Yes, yes.
I think it's that back in. Please,
this one's.
They're not pretty.
You have downloaded.
Mr. Salman, I have a question.
Yes, please.
OK,
this a visual code that you asked us to
install.
Is it for everyone or is it for the for
But.
our friend who with the tab with the with
the notepad?
This VVS code it it's for all this VS
code for all this. This is for all of you.
But uh, OK, OK.
Alright, thank you.
If you already have then you need not to
install.
If you don't have then you have to
install it.
If you have some short of knowledge of
programming you have used so this one you
have to download and install.
Right. And if you are using the Mac,
you have to search for the Mac VS code
for Mac. You will search this one.
Let me just show you.
Or Mac.
This is for Mac OS.
So who is using the Windows?
They will download this Windows version.
Who is using the Mac?
They will download this Mac version OK.
Oh, so good.
OK.
Mr. Salman.
Hey, that's fine. We're going to talk.
I'm going to see every right. I had it.
I'm going to find them, right?
It's basically that's not right.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm sorry.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. So let me like back in.
OK. Thank you.
I mean.
Yeah.
And we have to come back and I I can so
you have to say I recently we we have to
go to.
See that my head space is quite a.
Yeah.
Oh, you know, the next. I'm not. I'm not.
This is our latency successful.
What should I do for that? Working now?
You checked the the body. I was just.
Thanks.
Thank you.
You.
But it was launching, but it's, yeah.
Was there any meaning here? Yeah,
but it's it's.
You have downloaded the CS form, sorry.
Did you download this one? Yes. Oh,
that's fine, right? Yes, I do.
You'll bless it though. You can start.
See who have downloaded this VS code
completed download and after that you
will install it.
VS Core download and install.
So in installation.
Actually, I already have,
so let me just show you.
Then this installation completed download
and you can install.
For example windows I have downloaded.
You will open it.
I will show you from here you can.
Click.
Yes.
I accept.
Click here. Next, next, next.
Click here. This one. Click, click.
Check all the check boxes. Fine,
all of you.
Then you click Next.
And click here and install.
It.
Fine,
just these two things we need for these
early 5-10 days and after that the other
software ones we need we will install.
So once you do this setup we can start
doing the code right.
Then this installation as well,
all of you.
OK.
Finish.
All the boxes, right? Yes.
So once you see this is your pipe,
let me just because in my case there is a
lot of code,
so I will show you from the scratch.
So what we will do is.
I'm going to create one folder for you
guys.
Here it is. Uh.
New folder.
And what is your training name?
Let me just check.
What's your name?
I'm giving the name this one is.
IEIML.
Fine and here is I have created one
folder,
new folder and folder name is day one day
one.
Right,
so this way we will create every day.
For example, today's the day one,
so we'll write all the content inside
this folder, right?
So this folder we have created,
you have right click here.
Here is show more options.
Here is open with code.
Have you got this option? All of you.
We have created one folder AIML.
Inside that folder we have created one
more D1.
And then we have right click here.
Here is show more options.
Here is open with code.
You got this option. All of you.
Your installation is done.
So I have to set up. Sorry.
It.
You have reached on VS code.
You just close the VS code.
I will show you the Windows code what
we'll do.
Let's go to that section.
Just close the Visual. Yes,
you will create these two folders, right?
Done creation. All of you.
This can be open. No,
this option is not coming.
See here you will go here.
You have installed right all of you. Yes,
here it show more options for sure and
here is open with the code.
Got it. All of you online.
Also the guys have you done up to this
level?
Um, excuse me. Um, excuse me. Uh,
I'm using Mac, so I'm not. Uh,
Yes.
so I cannot find the option inside my uh
inside my inside my folder. Yeah.
OK, OK, no no problem.
You will go to this day one and you have
this option open interminal right?
Open in terminal also no.
No fine.
So what you will do is you will copy this
Yeah.
path where is where you are control C for
those who are using the Mac right only
OK.
for those D and you will paste it the
path where you are fine.
So you like here CD.
And you can paste that part.
You are inside that one, OK.
All right. OK.
And then you will write here code,
code and period and you can open it.
It will open in VS code fine.
So for Mac one you can open this way.
Oh, OK, let me try that real quick.
Right.
And for you guys or all of you can do the
similar way. OK, let me just show you CLS.
Let me show you how you will do.
You have created for example this folder
here right in D drive or whatever drive.
This is day one all of you.
So this is your path.
You can copy the path, right?
You have copied the path.
You don't have to copy the path.
You will copy from here.
Here control C you have copied the path,
yes.
And then you will go to the command
prompt and which drive you are.
You are in C drive,
so you'll write C If you are in D drive,
you'll write DD colon.
We will open the command prompt OK and if
you are in the C drive and the your
folder is your folder is in which drive D
or C.
D If it is in D, so you have to write.
If it is in C,
so you'll write the C Otherwise,
if it is in D, you'll write the D colon.
Fine. Whatever drive you have,
you'll write that one. If you have C,
so write C colon.
And then you will write CD and you can
paste that one control C and you can
paste this one here paste.
So you are here OK and you will write
here code.
I'm period you can.
Try to this one and you can open directly.
Let me check one by one quickly. No, no.
OK, this is what I have. I get this.
I you have given to the folders.
So I have to get a hold of it.
It will be it works. It's fine.
I'll change it,
but really you will do those for location.
I'm so sorry.
This is adding it to the folder.
So that's when we need that, right?
Once we'll see that, once we'll see it.
Yes, you have to.
Oh, thanks.
So I have to create a new folder.
Why?
Hello.
OK.
Right.
OK, 30 minutes.
So yes.
Yeah, this one you have on.
What is?
Yeah, it's.
Then all of you.
Then after that you'll let code.
So what should I do?
OK.
So it's.
I'm just thinking, I'm just thinking.
Thank you. Now write code, COD code.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I'm going to tell me to restart.
I will be. I will be starting with you.
That's why I was there.
I was just not there.
Yeah, it's like that's like I thought.
I don't know. You don't mind. You are.
You are.
Do you have an install report?
Yeah, yeah.
I can.
Fine, so you will press enter.
Yeah, so you guys are here, all of you.
This one is open for all of you this day
one.
Now it goes to all these get started with
VS code, so I've used all the.
Sorry, there's a option next which huh?
See there is there is one more thing.
If you don't want to do this way,
I will show you one more.
Just here we will open VS code.
OK you will open the VS code from here
fine and then you will go here file open
folder right file open folder and from
here you will go the location where is
your folder.
Select folder that the simple way.
Simplest. OK is it fine for all of you?
You you are able to open now you will
right click here. You will write new file.
This option you have new file right?
You will write here.
Let me write here first.
FIRST first dot.
Py. This extension is for Python.
I have read first dot py.
Done all of you online as well.
Then we will write here print and we will
write here welcome to.
Welcome to Python.
Fine this first line we have read so it
is going to print this message.
This is the P dot py is the extension
like you have the extension right dot TXT
dot CS and all.
Similarly we have the extension dot py
for Python we have raised.
First dot py so welcome to Python.
I repeat, I repeat. See here delete.
I'm repeating what we have done.
You you have opened this folder.
Here you have the option new file right?
All of you here you have rate.
Let me call it first FIFIRST first dot PY.
Fine and here is we have right here print.
And here we are right. Welcome to Python.
Right.
Done. No, no problem. You'll do it. Yes,
you. I repeat one more time.
One more time. I'm repeating.
See here all of you.
I'm repeating one more time.
Just if you have done the school.
If you're not done, no issue.
We'll open the VS code from here.
I am telling you from here you will go
here file open folder right here is open
folder and you will go to the location
where you want to do.
So we have created in data D AIML and day
one I have select that folder.
We have opened this folder right?
Then up to this level.
Now after this you will go here.
Once you will take the mouse here you
will find out these option new file.
OK you will click on this new file and
here you can write the name of file.
I have given the name first.
1st and dot and PY.
So this is the first Python file I have
right done.
No problem.
If you want to ask me 30 times,
I have no issue at all,
but you must do the things.
Now we have right print.
Print this print and we have right here
welcome to Python.
This one line I want to show you how we
will write.
So see in any programming language what
we will write we will write the code that
code is compiled and then it will convert
to the machine readable.
Format and then machine read out those
instruction and give you the result.
So we have right here we have asked the
Python to give the message welcome to
Python.
We have read it print welcome to Python
right done up to this level.
So.
You can write online also you have done
guys.
All of you.
Now you will go here,
view terminal and in the terminal I
repeat, you will go here,
view and the first one. We will go here,
view here is terminal.
The second last from last second last we
will light here. We will light here.
Python and we will write first dot py.
Fine,
you will write Python and then you will
write your file name first dot pyth.
So it will print that thing.
Welcome to Python, right?
OK.
We will take a break now and after this
break we will. Yes. OK. I'm, I'm, I'm,
I'm, I'm.
Yeah, yeah. What is it doing today?
Everything.
Oh, sorry. Oh, uh.
OK.
See all of you. One more thing,
you will go here 5.
File and this is auto save.
You have to select this one other way you
have to save every time.
We'll click on this auto save.
It will be by default it is like this one.
We'll click on this one.
It should be checked.
So whatever you are going to write it
will save right?
Otherwise you have to write every time
control A control S you have to save
every time.
Listen.
After the call.
Finally, so let's meet after 14 minutes.
We invite. We'll find them.
Welcome to all of you.
Anyone have the issue?
No, before, I can't want to go break. Why?
Why is mine not same? No,
you have whatever you like.
So you guys can take break now. Hello.
You can take break. I I I I don't get.
Good job.
I I got a lot from the. I was stuck.
I got installed. I can see. OK,
here's the visual.
OK, I was.
Yes, that's true.
That's why I start guessing.
That's good. I don't know. I don't know.
OK, fine.
Uh, you can relation. Uh, I can say.
I'm responsible to.
OK, you need that.
Yeah, yeah.
Exactly, yeah.
I don't understand. It's my understanding.
OK, yeah, we can have that.
We can have that point about loading.
We can.
In all of the.
You're not.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's.
That's it.
And I think.
Yeah, but.
But the main.
In my.
OK.
Yeah, yeah.
We can.
OK.
We have to.
That's correct.
Yeah, yeah, I don't think.
I'm just.
You have to then buy me.
OK, thank you.
This is going to be the help show. OK.
If you don't want this,
most of the program you have do that the
board.
OK, I'll get you.
You know, it wasn't actually.
It's something, but I, I, I.
I'll get you. I'll get you.
I like that.
I think it's basically who I want to
discuss in the paper. I think it's fine.
It's VP.
Uh, which we need to. I think it's.
I can't. I can't.
OK, I'll do it.
But you don't really follow up 159,
that's something I'm not.
I think.
It's going to.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't think.
About, I could do that big enough online,
but don't even want the office.
So I just need.
Uh,
she's bugging on the two items that line
said and then they had ahead of you. OK,
I must guess me up. Lisa, but I'm not.
I'm just like to be on the pool.
The items will be.
I think, uh, I think last minute.
So now we'll be moving. So I do not.
To be at the planning meeting,
but you know,
I think I think we put that there, right?
Very good. I think you Anbaya is.
Yeah, yeah, I speak. I speak. Yeah, yeah.
Invited to that,
give me your phone number.
It's, it's, it's, it's.
It's been coming.
Thank you.
OK.
Specifically, I'm going to stop.
I might be present to.
I'm good. I'm good. I'm good.
Mm.
The.
Fine, all are back now.
So you go here extensions.
And from here you will search for Python.
You can install it Python language
support.
It's fine.
This is 1 exchange and it will help you
out once you like the something.
You you have click on extension.
OK,
extension and here you will search for
Python.
You will write here Python and you will
find out this first one Python language
support.
Right.
So this this one will give you a lot of
things.
You can open up Python project folder,
create a Python file,
select a create a Python environment, run,
debug your program file, keep well.
Yes, yes.
Mr. Salman, Mr. Salman,
I'm still stuck at VS code and I've given
the image in the chat.
Could you please have have a look?
Mhm.
So, so.
Mhm.
Fine.
Uh.
So it's it's done right?
So you need not to do anything that's
it's here. It's fine.
So what? So I go next.
Yes.
Next section and that's it.
Say again, I I didn't. I didn't get you.
No, you will click the next section.
Oh, so I go next section, OK.
All right. OK. And then, uh,
we have tune your setting code with
extension, build in terminal and all that.
You will go you click on extension and
search for Python.
Good with extension.
Is that right?
You just share your screen.
OK, sure. Uh, OK. I'm using.
I'm using my phone, so I will. Uh,
Um.
wait now I will.
OK, no, no, no, no problem.
You will just you.
Oh.
You have said it right with the options
you have.
Uh, hang on. I left. OK,
let let me just take a picture.
OK.
Emero.
But.
Yeah, I've uh, I've I've given the image.
Can you see it?
Code with extension you have click this
one second one.
OK, code with extension. OK, done.
Yes. So where where do I go next?
Done.
You you click on this opt out is written
down. Code collects usage data.
This click opt out.
You close the VS code and open it again
Yes.
if you this is going on going on.
OK, so so I close the VS code now.
Uh, and open it again.
OK, close it. How do I open it? Oh man.
You you to open to open.
You will write here Visual Studio code.
Let me show you.
OK.
This extension all of you installed right?
All of you. So what you will do is here.
OK.
Uh, let me show you. I'm sharing.
I'm sharing. I'm sharing my screen holder.
Are you sharing? Are you sharing this?
We have closed the visual VS code, right?
There is nothing right now.
You will open from here.
You will write here VS code.
This Visual Studio code.
You go to this app.
OK, VS code, right? Got it.
OK, uh, just open it.
One, OK.
Done. Then you will go here.
Uh.
Then you will go here extension.
OK, extension code with extension, right?
No, the extension is written here.
The second the 1234 fifth one.
OK.
This extensions. Have you got it?
Yeah.
I don't get the left panel.
You don't get the left panel.
Welcome again what I have here.
No.
How do I get to the left?
Let let let me show you.
You'll open the VS code.
No VS code you have open right?
Right.
Yes.
And you don't have this, these,
these things you have.
In the left side.
I don't have it in the left side.
What do you have? You have this file.
OK.
Hang on now, let me take a picture again.
No need not to take the picture.
You have file at the top.
Uh, hang on, hang on. Hang on, hang on.
Hang on, hang on. Hang on.
OK, I've I've given the picture.
I don't have the left panel.
OK, you can do this code with extension.
Here is one thing is written.
Let me check what is written.
Browse popular extension.
Click on this one.
Browse popular extension.
Browse. Where is that?
This this.
You have this one right?
Browse popular extension.
You click on this one.
Browse popular extension. Where is that?
That image you have shared na.
Yeah.
So here is the second one tune with your
setting.
The second one is code with extension.
Here inside that it's written browse
OK, OK, OK, so I click that right?
popular extension.
You click on this one then this extension
will open right?
Then the window is look like this one.
Let me just show you the.
OK, so.
Oh, OK, OK,
so so I got the left panel now.
You go to the left panel now. Fine.
You you will open the four.
I OK, yeah.
You will go here.
You can install the Python.
You have installed the Python, right?
Ahead.
OK, here here is extension.
You will write here Python.
So I got done.
8510.
OK, so I click on that.
And here is install.
It will be the button of install you can
install.
Install.
The rest rest of you installed.
OK. All right. Got it. Got it. Thank you.
Then now you will go here after
installation.
Once the installation is done you will
open this folder file open folder and
this day one select folder you have open
it right?
It is first we already have created.
Let's create the second one.
New file I have created second.
Yes.
Second dot py.
Right.
2nd.5.
You have the C type charger.
Thank you.
No.
Here see we have the theory I will tell
you first we will write here for example
username. This is a variable.
We have declared username is equal to.
We have rates some value here.
It is.
Sam 1256.
Fine,
we have right to this one and we have
right here print.
Welcome to.
Python.
And then we want to add that username as
well.
So we have right here comma username.
So this time we want to welcome this
particular user.
Do it.
Then I will start discussing the theory a
bit and we will start writing the code.
Just just print how to print.
I'm showing you if you have something to
print.
We have right here the this is an
variable.
Variable is a place in the memory.
We have given the name. This is a.
Here the variable name is username.
Inside this variable we have stored the
value 71256.
Variable is a kind of container you have
in memory.
Then memory location we have given the
name to that container and inside that
container we have stored the.
SAM 1256 you can store anything.
Now what we have done we have right here
welcome to Python and then we have write
that container name that is username and
then we have display it will go to that
container and whatever inside it will
display here.
Right,
so it will show you welcome to Python Sam
1256. It will show you like this, OK?
You will like this one,
then we will discuss a bit theory about
this.
Oh, and we will continue.
Done.
Now to run it what you have to write we
will go to the terminal and we will write
the python
And then we will write our file name.
What is our file name?
Second dot py.
View and terminal.
Then we'll write Python second dot py.
So welcome to Python 7125 in the first
dot first one we have right.
If you run first dot py what we have run
we have write welcome to Python only.
This one we have write with username.
So the first is first dot py welcome to
Python,
second dot py is welcome to Python and
the username right after go to view,
go to the and then.
After view go to the terminal you have
click on the terminal view terminal.
So this terminal will open right like
this one right here you write Python and
you will write your file name that is
second dot.
Y and then press enter.
Done.
Yeah.
PY.
E.
Whatever the file name,
this is the file name.
Whatever you have name given the same you
have right here dot PY.
You have to forget. I've been OK.
I have a good fight then.
That's fine. No, no problem. OK, sure.
I think that's OK.
We will go to the.
I think this is already open.
You want to open the tag. You go to file.
File open. OK, sure. So I do here. OK, OK,
open.
That's fine. Now do you? Yeah.
This is for.
This one right?
It's it is new even though here the I
have given the next second dot one second.
I can. I must start from the welcome.
Welcome to Michael for the first one.
Thank you.
And here is.
We would like to use her name.
This part we will need.
Yes.
People don't work like.
Be there after that.
This is how wonderful.
OK, it's like, yeah, it's like.
Yeah, we should. What about you?
Anyone like what? OK, right.
So.
Done all of you.
We we are on same page right now.
See this one I have showed you just at
least you get to know what is it.
Let's discuss a bit theory and then we
will continue the practical stuff, right?
Just to done. What's your name?
You you will go to the view terminal.
View terminal and in this terminal you
will write this Python second dot py and
fill.
OK, I just. OK, now see,
let me tell you what we have done a bit
theory and then we will continue just to
minimize it, OK.
Fine.
See, uh,
this is the end book I will share with
you as well. You can go through this one,
right? So this the Python.
2.
I will share in WhatsApp group or I will
share on WhatsApp group and other roles.
So what is Python? Someone ask you? Fine.
We already have started,
but you should know what is it. Fine.
So Python is a programming language.
It's very simple,
readable and easy to use language.
So if you are beginner means you are
going to start the program.
It is a perfect language to learn because
see you all know.
Computers is understand only one language
and that language is.
Binary binary means zero and one what you
are saying so zero and one binary bit.
Your machine is understand only zero and
one the the internally your hardware that
communicate through the this binary
language.
But we are human. We have our languages.
So for example,
we have this English language,
so we will communicate through the
English.
If you have some other language like your
own language, right?
Or you have Arabic or any other language,
so you communicate through that language.
So.
Computers communicate through the zero
and one.
So we have we human want to interact with
the computer. So what we have done,
we have created higher level language
that is known as high level language.
These languages that we can communicate
with for example.
We have right in the Python key print
welcome to Python.
So we want to give the instruction to the
computer to please print welcome to
Python, right?
So we can't say it directly in English.
So what we will do,
we will write in a programming.
Language.
That language have its own compiler.
It will compile it and convert it to the
byte codes.
That codes are these that computer can
understand.
So there is a layer that we will write
the code in the language that we can
understand.
And then that language is converted to
the zero and one that computer can
understand. Fine.
So the Python is a simple language.
Here we can write our things and we can
send it to the computers, right?
So.
There is a lot of things that you need to
understand once you will start learning a
language.
The installation we have done like we
will write the instruction in the
language that instruction computer will
follow. That is the program.
So just like you use Arabic,
Hindi or English to communicate with each
other, we use programming.
Language like Python, C, C, Java,
VB and other languages to communicate
with the computer.
So programming is a way to instruct the
computer to perform various tasks. Clear.
So programming is a way. It is a method.
To instruct the computer that do the
various tasks for us, right?
So computer will understand the
instruction in zero and one,
but we will write the instruction in
higher level language.
That instruction after compilation will
convert to the computer understandable
language.
Right. For example,
we have a translator in between that is
translating the things to you, so.
The benefit of using the Python one is
easy to understand.
It is very easy to understand,
free and open source.
It is freely available.
You need not to give any money for this
one.
For example you have downloaded and
install it. There is no charge involved.
The second one is this is high level
language and we can write it in the Linux,
we can write in Mac OS,
we can write in Windows operating system,
in any operating system.
You can see here also he is using Mac,
you are using Windows, so it's portable.
His code you can use on your machine,
your code he can use in.
His machine as well and it is easy and
you will enjoy working with this one.
So installation that we already have done.
We will go to the python.org. It's python.
org.
We can download and install it to our
machines that we already have done.
Now we will write the simple Python code.
We can write print and inside that we can
write in double quotes whatever we want
to print right?
And to store it to save it,
we will write the file name dot PY the
file name.
Could be anything.
For example we have user first dotpy one
file we have created the second one we
have created second dotpy.
So this PY is the extension like you have
work with word Ms. word. So Ms.
word have the extension dot DOCX.
Nowadays it DOCX.
Earlier it was DOC right?
Nowadays it's DOCX.
So you are creating the PowerPoint
presentation.
They have the extension dot PPTX.
You are using Excel.
They have the extension dot excels.
XLS.
So similarly this Python have the
exchanger dot PY. Got it?
So that's why we write after the file
name we write PY.
File name could be anything.
For example we have created the first dot
PY, we have created second dot PI.
You can create.
Example one dot py.
You can use the welcome dot py.
Anything you can use right?
Clear that point.
The next thing is there is package
manager.
We have N number of packages here that we
have not done yet.
I'm going to show you after this right?
We have a number of packages that we can
use in programming. For example,
you want you want to use the code that is
already written.
You don't want to use the code, you want.
You don't want to write the code,
but you want to use the code that already
there. So what?
We have we have here is a command pip PIP
so package we are going to install.
We write the package install and the
package name that you are going to
install so we can install it and there is
modules.
We can create the code and we will put
inside a file.
And that code we can use in our other
program also that is known as modules.
So we can create here multiple modules.
So module is a file containing code
returned by someone else or returned by
you as well. That's not a big deal,
but it is returned by all.
Already return code that we want to add
into our project.
So once we want to add it,
we will import it.
We will import and use it.
I will show you how we will import and
use the already return code also.
So here are two types of modules in
Python.
One is built-in and one is external.
Fine,
we can use the built-in modules or we can
use the external modules.
Let me show you one example of. Yes,
Sir, Sir, sorry.
Can you share again the slide because the
please. Yes, yes please.
slide is off?
You you are not able to see the slides.
Oh, sorry. Yeah, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Yeah.
Actually, I have not shared the screen.
I'm extremely sorry for this one.
Thank you, Sir.
Let me just go again.
Sorry you you should ask me earlier.
So we have done what is programming right?
So this one is just like you you this one
we have seen and what is Python.
We have discussed this one feature of
Python installation we have already have
done.
Right and we have discussed how we will
create the print thing.
So we have seen print welcome to the
username and thanks a lot.
We have seen how to will how we will
print a particular thing.
So we have displayed here welcome to
Python and once we will create a file we
will give the extension dot PY.
Just to ensure that this is a Python 5,
right?
Now if you want to install some extra
module, so we will go for uh.
This one.
We will go to PIP.
This is package manager.
We install using this one PIP and we will
like the install and we'll install the
extra packages right and we have few
built in modules as well.
If you want to use those code we can
import it and put inside our.
Program, right? So that's the modules.
So we have two types of modules here.
One is built-in modules that's already
returned. You can install and use them.
Second one is you can write your own code.
Or you can use the PIP and you can
install them right.
So we have a number of modules like we
have flask,
we have other modules that we can use.
Now I'm going to show you how we will
create.
And the programs that uh using the
modules and all right.
And the variables we have seen here,
one example of a string.
We have declared the username and we have
stored inside the username.
We have stored the Sam 1256, right?
So similarly we have the other variables
we can declare.
We can write the username like we want to
write the username or anything.
So variables once you declare.
Let me show you a few things related to
variables.
So you you are going to declare a
variables. For example,
let me show you here.
I'm going to write here one more file,
new file. Let me call it the variable.
Let me call it card.py, right?
So here is you can declare a variable.
So variable name should should have a
meaningful name that show the intended
purpose of that one. For example,
we have right here int age.
We have right here age,
so this age is showing that we are going
to take the age of someone, right?
We have right here name,
so it's going to show you that we are
going to give the name.
You should not use arbitrary like ABCD or
something. For example,
there should not be any invalid character
like you have.
Uh uh, let's you have it user.
And you have already this hash 123,
so that is not allowed.
There should not be any invalid character.
So once you declare a variable,
you should follow these naming convention.
These rules you have to follow.
Variable name can contain alphabets,
digit and under score. Fine.
The variable name can only start with an
alphabet and under score.
A variable name can not start with a
digit,
means you can't start it 123 and so on.
You can use 123 but at the end or in
between, but not at the starting.
It should start with the alphabet no.
No white space.
You can write user space name,
so there should not be any white space in
between this one, right?
We have the type of type of data types
here integer if you want to store the
complete number,
whole number without the decimal point.
So what we will use, we will use integer.
If you want to use the decimal point,
we will use floating points.
If you want to use the strings,
you will use the strings like we have to
use the username 71256. That is a string.
If you want to use booleans,
boolean is for true, false.
We will use boolean.
If you want to use the none,
so we'll write the none if you don't want
to give anything. For example,
let me show you here.
I have declared here the username.
Username is let's say Sameer. Fine.
This is the username age. This is 13.
This is an integer. This is an age, right?
We have rate salary.
Salary of let's say 50,000.50.
This is floating point, right?
And then we have right.
Uh.
Is graduate.
And we have right here false.
So that is boolean value true and false
and we have right.
No, no. So here is the qualifications.
We'll see.
Please have house quality.
Is stay status.
We have written none,
so we don't know about this one. None.
None means there is nothing.
It's blank kind of thing that is not.
So we have this thing.
Now you want to display fine,
so you can write print.
You can write here.
Username.
And here is username.
Age.
Age. Let me write in double quotes.
Do you need to have a space in the
integer for?
See this is the variable name you have
declare right?
So here it should not be the space.
This is the text that you are writing.
Here you can write anything.
Fine. Uh.
Let me write here given.
User name is. You can write here anything.
That's not an issue.
This is in double quotes.
Double quotes means seven after the print.
We need the space between the print and
the bracket. Parenthesis. No, no,
it's not required. OK,
you can write it this way.
close, right. Oh, spaces. Yes, yes.
You allow or don't allow?
Only not not space. No space, no spaces.
No space. That means not allow, right? It.
I will not give you the issue if you like
this way also that's fine,
but it's generally we don't write.
Both are correct. Both are correct,
but generally we like this way. OK,
it's not an issue, it's fine. Both OK,
both OK, I will write.
But that was by mistake.
I have right there, but that is OK. Yeah,
so here is salary.
Be right here, salary.
Then we have right here print.
Redo it.
Very late. Sorry, he's graduate.
And here we have red.
Still.
Status.
Mm.
This test status all of you you can do
with this one.
This is we have right here the few
variables though variables can how many
types of variable is possible.
After that I will take these values from
the user.
This user will input and we will display.
Right now I have showed you the hard
coded.
The later on we want to take this data
from the user, right?
So first you'll like this much.
OK this this is the basic one.
We have declared all the data types we
have here. The first one is a string,
second one is for integer for the
complete number,
whole number if you want to take and then
the salary that is for floating point
when decimal numbers if you want is
graduate.
This is a boolean number boolean have.
Two types of values. One is false,
the second one is.
Second one is true. Yes.
So Boolean have two types of values,
one is true, one is false.
Just and this state status.
This is the none.
None means we don't want to.
We don't have the idea about that.
So this one is the example of.
Integer integer.
So you want to comment this thing.
So you select this one and you press
control KC. So this is comment out right?
So for example I want to write this one.
This is the integer example right?
So I write here integer example.
So if you want to write the comment,
you can write here.
Hash. So what is it? This one is.
This one is actually tell that this is a
comment.
The compiler will not read out this one.
This is just for the for the
understanding that what we are doing over
here, right?
Similarly here this this one you won't
write. This is integer example here.
Sorry.
Related this is integer example.
So this is integer example and this one
is what example for what? The first one?
Any of you?
This is a string example right?
And the third one?
Oh, what's your name? This is floating,
right? Floating number good.
And this one is. This is Boolean, right?
Boolean. And this one is.
None, right? This is none data type.
So these are the data types we have and
we are displaying here.
This is the first example.
Later on we will take these things from
the user, right?
So you know the what is your file name.
File name is third dot py.
How we will compile it?
What's your name Sir?
How we'll compile it?
We will go here view view terminal, yes,
view terminal and then what we will write.
Python. Python. Yes. Python. Python. Py.
dot Py. Fine. And you can press. Yes.
Perfect. Got it. All of you.
So this this one is you have done all of
you do it online one as well guys done.
The next one we are going to take these
things from the user.
Yes, please.
Yeah, that's really. So, yeah, like,
like put the.
Yeah, you have to move the,
you have to move the scale,
but come up and we need to understand.
So I don't wait, I think.
You have to use.
Yeah.
Which?
Yes.
See these are the comments only, right?
If you don't want to write this,
you can leave them also,
but if you want to remember you can write,
you can write.
It will.
Excuse me.
Oh.
You know, but I believe it is a.
Oh, this is exactly.
That's all.
Then all of you.
Yes.
I'm just asking OK now.
Then.
If you are doing this, I will wait.
If you have done,
I will start the next step.
Double goods.
In if it is a string,
you have to put in the double quotes.
Did you write this this double quotes?
OK, uh.
Done. I OK, so OK.
Yeah, GP minutes.
I think question. Yes, please. Sure.
We need to go to and then the middle or
we can just, we can just.
No, yes. If it is open, you can write.
If it is close, you can be again.
Because I close, no, that's fine.
If you I'm not close,
you can use directly also.
OK.
OK, done, done.
But.
OK.
Yeah, it's OK.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I said what would you get?
I think we can. You know what you think?
People say. I've lost. I'm getting. Hello.
You mic is on. I don't know.
I'll make something. Your mic is going to.
They should.
I'm.
Oh, I didn't. OK,
the first one is not actually. I I also.
I mean, I mean, you think it will save.
I mean, it's not.
Whenever you like anything,
it's sort of like, I said, well,
you have to stay a bit,
you have to write everything.
So I have to go to the file and boot it
all to save, right? Yes, yes,
this one you do.
I know you need not to do any short.
So the second one is that.
Yeah, everything is working.
We can check the second one or two and
the first one also the same thing, right?
Right.
The first one is one more point
everything. OK, sure. No, it's not sure.
OK, so we go, we we jump to the third one,
right?
Because this one is in touch screen.
So it's OK.
Thanks for the OK now next one,
next example then everyone the online
guys also if you have any issue you can
ask.
We are going to create one more we want
to take the.
Input from the user.
Fine, what do we want to do?
We want to take the input from the user.
So here we go.
I'm going to create a new file.
Final name is taking input.
I have given the name this time taking.
Input. You can give any name.
Just because we are writing the first,
second, third,
you might think that it should be first,
second, third only.
So I am writing taking input dot py right
the file name.
Now I write here.
User name.
Is equal to input.
Enter.
Username.
Whatever the username user have entered,
we have assigned to this input.
We have read print.
Welcome.
Mr.
For miss.
And here is the user name OK.
You'll go to the terminal.
If it is already open, you will write CS.
So what do we have right here? Python.
Input dot py.
Enter username I have write Raj.
Welcome, Mr. or Miss Raj.
Got it.
Then we I didn't find,
like if there's a one that was not saying,
then I didn't find the.
Back slash T means we want a space,
a tab space, a space of tab tab.
You know the tab, the tab space we want.
You are right. Enter username.
Here you are right tab.
So you'll see here. Let me show you.
CLS clear screen you have run it.
I will run Python and the file name is
taking input.py right?
So here is the username.
You have read the username that is Sameer
for example. So welcome Mr.
or Miss Sameer.
Is that it?
Do it all of you.
Oh, we can't.
We can't and because certainly is not.
Thank you.
Yeah, I have to get a book.
You have to find rules,
but they're going to.
It's back slash tab hot tab test space
here.
See if you have rated without this one
without back slash T let me show you.
So if you have rated this one without you
have run it.
So enter username it's coming here.
Sameer and it's coming here without the
space. You want the space after this,
so you write back slash T and once you've
done that under username,
let's here Sandy.
Where is it?
So what do we have done?
We have created one more file,
file name we have given taking input.
So then I have to create file right right
So by taking input right taking input dot
file and we have taken the username and
we have.
This is the simplest string if we have
any other data type.
Other than its string. So what?
How we will do it right?
So first we'll do this one.
Now you guys connected with this by now
you will start enjoying because in
starting it happen but later on it it
will be on this one.
So don't worry,
I will teach you from the scratch.
If you don't know anything about
computers or anything,
Inchala will learn Inchana about it.
Thank you.
Yes.
This this one these two slash.
See here this is escape sequence.
I will show you.
See here you have run this taking input.
You have write the username.
Any name you have write.
Let's say you have write this soha right?
Here is Mr. or miss.
If you want to show one single slash we
have to write the two slashes.
If you write one here you write one so it
is it become a string.
It will not become the slash.
So this this one if you want to write you
have to write 2.
To show one, you have to write 2.
Here we want to put one slash,
so we have to write 2 slashes to show so
that the the the the slash will be on the
right slash instead of left slash, right?
Right this one.
I the binder.
Your one is just like I'm just they might
error. So it's giving it.
I will checks to go back two by two by
two slash, right?
Uh, this one is welcome. Mr.
Ron's is the tab space.
Thanks.
OK, yeah, we just go on.
I think we're waiting.
We have.
Do you?
I love you.
I think we should.
OK.
I will be.
You stop.
We saw that in the.
But then one, then we have the same thing.
Thank you.
OK.
It.
Yeah.
But.
Oh.
And.
Thank you.
I think.
Yeah.
So.
It has been installed very much.
Yeah.
It's possibly.
OK.
Check again.
I need to.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You don't have much.
Oh.
I need to. I think he's. I think he's.
I think he's.
Thank you.
I think.
Thinking.
Yeah, it's.
I need.
Mhm.
Six.
Check the screen.
This is because the version is we're
using the version instead of.
I'll just restart the.
This, this docs,
but you have to submit it.
It's the bottom line,
bottom line on the video.
The person you can do, the person you see.
OK, slash.
Yeah, we can find from this.
We can get hold of this.
I think you have to remove.
So here you guys need to.
It's a fresh spreading problem.
It's common.
Well.
This phone site you mean the the echo and
talk to the machine. OK,
temperature you can create.
You can create the default,
so you can make it.
It's the same here, correct? No,
it's usually it's one word.
You can use whatever it is.
You must be comfortable, right? OK.
What is going on?
It will work after.
Let's see here. OK, this one is done.
All of you.
Yeah, I think that.
OK, now you have done this.
This one is this thing right? Yes.
Now you want to use for example here the
age you want to take.
So you have right here age.
Is equal to. You are right.
I'm showing you the wrong thing.
Then I will correct it.
So here is enter age. Fine.
So you have right enter the age,
but age is integer you want right?
So what do you have to do?
You are right int.
And you will.
Do this one so it will convert to the
integer.
Int input enter age.
Then we can take the integer right?
So enter age. So here is.
After this I'm printing both I think.
Welcome Mr.
Drink.
Your age is I have right here age.
OK,
so means when we put that and then you
send this our name, right? OK.
And then take each of ours and then your
page is the number of our gates. Yes,
I see. Not not to copy everything. No,
you can write any.
I think you can write here name,
let's say name, for example this one name.
We write anything name in this one.
The username here is enter username here
the age. So what we have done,
we have run it again Python taking input
enter username.
Let's say I have read Sam the age I have
read let's say 35.
So here is the name is this one and age
is 35.
Now the benefit of using this one,
for example name you have read something
and here in age you have read this one.
So it will give you the invalid internal
input with the base type because it will
take only the number for this one.
It will not accept the string.
Got it.
I repeat.
The second one is for the numbers,
the integer.
Integer means it will take only the
numbers, right? Not anything.
So here is you can run it again.
Python taking input.
You write the username,
let's say we have write Ali and here the
age we have write here 25.
So here the name early age is 25, right?
So we can. We can.
We can keep manually down here, right?
Yes, yes, yes, yes. If it is closed, no.
So we'll go. Sorry.
View terminal will open.
So whatever name you will write it will
take that thing like input then you type
it manually open right right you write
manually.
For example you have right here and here
the age is 19 OK.
I see.
Salman, yes please.
Can you show again how to write the
It's Salman.
Can you show again how to write the
integer?
integer? How to write the integer right?
See here we have write age.
Yes.
Let me just show you again.
We have declare your username input enter
username age. We have write int.
We want to convert it to integer input
enter age.
We have read print name and username.
Here is the print your age age.
Now you want to run it.
You will go here Python taking input dot
PY.
You write the username,
let's say here is Sudhir and here the age
you are right, let's say 30.
So here the name Sudhir age is 30. Fine.
Is it OK now?
OK.
OK, OK.
Do it.
What else I have told you?
What are the data types I told you in the
third?
In the third one I told you the integer,
then floating point for the boolean these
things right?
You can check others as well. For example,
you want to take the salary,
so I will take you a late year salary.
Is equal to done this one. OK,
we are right here.
Plot via radial input.
Enter salary.
Fine here print.
Salary.
Yes.
We have right here salary.
OK, so you have run it again.
Username term age is let's say 34,
salary is let's say 90,000.90.
So here is this one.
Done.
So two data, three data.
We have check here the boolean also fine.
So for example for boolean we have right
here.
Uh, let's see.
No database.
Database.
Knowledge.
Database knowledge.
Here we have write boolean.
All input.
Do you know data basis?
Do you know databases?
So do you know databases?
We have asked the question whatever we
have, we can say true or false, yes or no,
right? So do you know databases?
So here we have print.
Database knowledge.
Hello.
I'll be the glass.
Hmm.
Yeah.
The.
We talk about.
So here is database nodes.
No, the data basis.
Yes or no.
So here is database knowledge we have
right here.
Your database.
Now you will go here.
Down up to this level.
We can open the terminal view terminal.
Is it readable now? OK,
we have right here again Python taking
input username, let's say.
Riya age is let's say 30 and salary is 98,
000.
45 and the database knowledge is false.
Mhm.
If how do I if I want to make it false,
how do I make it false? No,
it's something happening.
It should be false only.
I will check just a second.
Whatever I say will come to me.
Why do I become that that this is stuff
of database KN?
Sorry.
This is this is the name.
You can write anything here.
You can write the new database knowledge.
This is the variable name.
This is the data knowledge KNW.
You have read this one.
So this is data knowledge KNW only.
You can write anything.
This is the variable name.
Now enter the name Sam.
Enter the age here the 35 salary.
You have read something .
34 adult knowledge false which showing 2
to false.
I would be covered. Uh, just a second.
Return is true when the argument is true,
otherwise false. I got it.
See here what we will do is.
Uh,
let me show you how it will show you the
phone and control minus will go your view
terminal.
Here is Python.
Here is enter name Sam under age 34,
salary 98,000.90. Here it do you know?
Just enter.
Fine. OK, you will not write anything.
If you write anything it will take. Oh,
if you don't put anything it becomes true.
If you write anything it will true
otherwise false.
Let me show you Python taking input file.
We have write the same right?
We have read age something.
Let's say something 45 and here in the
salary we have read 67.
Do you know database?
I enter so this is false.
Since you have not given any input that
means false.
If you have given the input it will be
true.
Yes.
Yeah, please.
Why not? I'm here to help you.
Again, for you,
don't you really talking for?
Yeah, it's inside. That's why it's.
I'm not explaining to you.
So I'm going to, uh,
the rate because I have to spend 30 days
with the location, so I.
No, it is. No, it's fine.
This here when when you are this double
books. Which one?
And you are trying in double books.
So it's called. OK, it's still. I see. Oh,
I didn't fully. I didn't record it.
I see. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know.
So I have to close this tag. OK, no,
you don't need.
OK, I'm done.
I, I, I, I, I.
Thank you.
Anyone else who have the issue online,
offline, any of you?
Online one, everyone is on the same page.
These guys as well, one thing,
are you able to connect with this one now?
Yes Sir, a little bit is fine.
A little bit is fine means if you you
just connect somehow only one is string,
that's fine.
Not all so simultaneously or gradually.
We will learn a lot of stuff just if you
are able to connect now because this is
the first day.
I know since it it's kind of,
it's kind of strange for you.
After that you will be familiar with this
one, right? And whenever, wherever.
And how many times you feel any short of
issue, you just ask me.
There is no such hesitation, nothing.
Don't feel he.
I'm asking the silly question.
Whatever comes in your mind, you can ask.
Just feel free to ask any of you.
Never agitate.
Whenever you need any sort of help,
just ask.
I'm here and you will understand each and
everything. Don't worry. So let's do.
We have done up to the this one boolean.
One more data type I showed you. None.
So none means none.
If you don't want to give anything,
that is none, right? So now let's see. OK.
But.
Let's do something with the data.
You are taking the data and you want to
do some sort of things with the data,
right?
You want to take two numbers from the
user.
For example you want to comment this one
so we don't want to run this program
anymore.
Let me control that you want to comment.
So here are three two types of comments,
multi line comments you can write this
way 123 and inside that you can put this
one.
This whole thing inside this so that is
multi line command.
Another way is you will select this one
and you will press control.
It's one control KC the comment.
I I said like and then it's all gone.
I put that control Z.
Press control Z if it's all gone. No, no,
I already be done. So how do I undo?
Control Casey. Control. Undo. Oh, undo,
undo, undo. Control.
Control Z so here control control KU
uncomment control KC.
See for example you have removed
everything so you press control Z so it
will come out.